Improve structure of specification (#347)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

The detailed algorithm is described in (#verifier_verification).

# SD-JWT Data Formats {#data_formats}

An SD-JWT is composed of the following:

* an Issuer-signed JWT,
* zero or more Disclosures, and
* optionally a Key Binding JWT.

The individual parts will be explained in the following subsections.

The serialized format for the SD-JWT is the concatenation of each part delineated with a single tilde ('~') character as follows:

```

> <Issuer-signed JWT>~<Disclosure 1>~<Disclosure 2>~...~<Disclosure N>~<optional KB-JWT>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Issuer-signed JWT>~<Disclosure 1>~<Disclosure 2>~...~<Disclosure N>~<optional KB-JWT>

```

adding a newline so (hopefully) the horizontal scrollbar in the HTML output doesn't cover up the content

The detailed algorithm is described in (#verifier_verification).

# SD-JWT Data Formats {#data_formats}

An SD-JWT is composed of the following:

* an Issuer-signed JWT,
* zero or more Disclosures, and
* optionally a Key Binding JWT.

The individual parts will be explained in the following subsections.

The serialized format for the SD-JWT is the concatenation of each part delineated with a single tilde ('~') character as follows:

```
<Issuer-signed JWT>~<Disclosure 1>~<Disclosure 2>~...~<Disclosure N>~<optional KB-JWT>

```

The order of the tilde separated values MUST be the Issuer-signed JWT, followed by any number of Disclosures, and lastly the optional Key Binding JWT.
In the case that there is no Key Binding JWT, the last element MUST be an empty string and the last separating tilde character MUST NOT be omitted.

> The Disclosures are linked to the SD-JWT payload through the
> digest values included therein.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Disclosures are linked to the Issuer-signed JWT by including
Disclosure digest values therein.
```

> When issued to a Holder, the Issuer includes all the relevant Disclosures in the SD-JWT.
> 
> For presentation to a Verifier, the Holder sends the SD-JWT including only its selected
> set of the Disclosures to the Verifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When issuing to a Holder, the Issuer includes all the relevant Disclosures in the SD-JWT.

When presenting to a Verifier, the Holder sends only the selected set of the Disclosures in the SD-JWT.
```
consistency here felt better?

The Holder MAY send any subset of the Disclosures to the Verifier, i.e.,

> none, multiple, or all Disclosures. For data that the Holder does not want to reveal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
none, parts of, or all Disclosures. For data that the Holder does not want to reveal
```
`parts of ` feels a little off, but `all` is part of `multiple`..

Reviewer: `some of` ?

Author: ```suggestion
none, some, or all Disclosures. For data that the Holder does not want to reveal
```
WDYT?

Reviewer: WFM

`WyJsa2x4RjVqTVlsR1RQVW92TU5JdkNBIiwgIkZSIl0` would be
`w0I8EKcdCtUPkGCNUrfwVp2xEgNjtoIDlOxc9-PlOhs`.

### Embedding Disclosure Digests in SD-JWTs {#embedding_disclosure_digests}

> For selectively disclosable claims, the digests of the Disclosures are embedded into the SD-JWT instead of the claims themselves. The precise way of embedding depends on whether a claim is an object property (key-value pair) or an array element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For selectively disclosable claims, the digests of the Disclosures are embedded into the Issuer-signed JWT instead of the claims themselves. The precise way of embedding depends on whether a claim is an object property (key-value pair) or an array element.
```

    * `typ`: REQUIRED. MUST be `kb+jwt`, which explicitly types the Key Binding JWT as recommended in Section 3.11 of [@!RFC8725].
    * `alg`: REQUIRED. A digital signature algorithm identifier such as per IANA "JSON Web Signature and Encryption Algorithms" registry. MUST NOT be `none` or an identifier for a symmetric algorithm (MAC).
* in the JWT payload,
    * `iat`: REQUIRED. The value of this claim MUST be the time at which the Key Binding JWT was issued using the syntax defined in [@!RFC7519].
    * `aud`: REQUIRED. The intended receiver of the Key Binding JWT. How the value is represented is up to the protocol used and out of scope of this specification.
    * `nonce`: REQUIRED. Ensures the freshness of the signature. The value type of this claim MUST be a string. How this value is obtained is up to the protocol used and out of scope of this specification.

To validate the signature on the Key Binding JWT, the Verifier MUST use the key material in the SD-JWT. If it is not clear from the SD-JWT, the Key Binding JWT MUST specify which key material the Verifier needs to use to validate the Key Binding JWT signature using JOSE header parameters such as `kid` and `x5c`.

> Below is a non-normative example of a Key Binding JWT header:
> 
> ```
> {
>   "alg": "ES256",
>   "typ": "kb+jwt"
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: With the other examples gone from this section - this one feels a bit out of place. And not needed. 
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: should this example be re-added to another section? it was added because people wanted to see an example of a KB-JWT header..

Author: I agree that removing makes most sense. We're not showing any other headers in the document, there is nothing surprising in this header, and people can still decode the KB-JWT if they like to see a header.

<{{examples/simple/sd_jwt_jws_part.txt}}

The issued SD-JWT might look as follows (with Line breaks for formatting only):

<{{examples/simple/sd_jwt_issuance.txt}}

## Presentation

The following non-normative example shows an associated SD-JWT Presentation as
it would be sent from the Holder to the Verifier. Note that it consists of six
`~`-separated parts, with the Issuer-signed JWT as shown above in the beginning,
four Disclosures (for the claims `given_name`, `family_name`, `address`, and
`nationalities`) in the middle, and the Key Binding JWT as the last element.

<{{examples/simple/sd_jwt_presentation.txt}}

The following Key Binding JWT payload was created and signed for this presentation by the Holder:

<{{examples/simple/kb_jwt_payload.json}}

> # Data Format Details

Reviewer 2: it almost feels like `# Advanced Features`
